Describe the known issue with localization in Angular 17. (#16895)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/angular.md

For advanced usage see the {@link getting-started/setup/ui-language Setting the UI language} guide.

<info-box warning>
There is a known issue related to the localization in Angular 17. Read more in the [known issues section](#known-issues) below.

> </info-box>

Author: I was wondering how to communicate this. I was thinking about three options:

1. Just a paragraph (It was easily missable).
2. Warning box at the start of the localization section (It was "scary").
3. Finally, I stick to the warning box at the end of the section.

> ## Known issues

Author: I was thinking about adding a subsection, but in our docs, there is rarely a subsection for the known issues.

Author: And there is one known issue for now.

Reviewer: I like the idea, and its present on some features docs so it's kind a template.

The `moduleResolution` option of the TypeScript configuration determines the algorithm for finding and resolving modules from `node_modules`. In Angular 17, the option is set to `node` by default. This option prevents type declaration for editor translations from being correctly loaded. To fix it, you have several options:

> * You can set the `moduleResolution` option to `bundler`. It is the recommended setting in TypeScript 5.0+ for applications that use a bundler. And it is a recommended way of fixing this problem. You can check other solutions for lower TypeScript versions.

Reviewer: > You can check other solutions for lower TypeScript versions.

You mean listed below, or other solutions for `moduleResolution`? 

This line doesn't tell exactly  what `other` solutions you meant - maybe would be good to specify it? :thinking:

Author: Maybe. If there is confusion, I can explicitly point to these below.

* You can tell the TypeScript compiler to suppress the problem using the `// @ts-expect-error` comment above the imported translations.
* You can update Angular to version 18, where the `moduleResolution` option is set to `bundler`  by default.

> * You can import translations directly from our CDN, like: `import ‘https://cdn.ckeditor.com/ckeditor5/42.0.2/translations/es.umd.js’;`. This way, the editor will load the translations automatically, so you do not need to pass them manually into the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can import translations directly from our CDN, like: `import ‘https://cdn.ckeditor.com/ckeditor5/{@var ckeditor5-version}/translations/es.umd.js’;`. This way, the editor will load the translations automatically, so you do not need to pass them manually into the config.
```

Author: Good one - the link will be functional. Not just an example.
